Hello.  Today we are going to talk about
how to become an agent in ICICI LBD?
What are the benefits of becoming an agent?  What is the joining process
?  Who can join?  Who ca
n't be there?  How much earning will I get?
What work can you do?  What
portfolios can I create?  I am going to explain everything to
you in this video.
Those who have come to the channel for the first time, have to
subscribe to the channel, share,
comment and definitely click on the bell icon.
Only then will you keep getting all the latest updates.
So let us quickly understand
why one should become an agent of ICICI LB?  So let me
first clarify that ICI LBAT is one of the
best general insurance company.
Being a finance company, the work here is done in a great manner
and the company has great strength
working and being a general insurance
company,
you will get the opportunity to work in three codes simultaneously here.  You
can do health insurance, motor
insurance and non-motor
insurance with a single code.
This is the first tremendous benefit you are going to get.  Not only this, the
company's presence
in the health insurance sector is
amazing.  People want to be associated with ICC LBD.  We
believe in him.  He remains with him.
This is a huge opportunity.  The
claim settlement here is hassle free.   It
is tension free.  Due to which
most of the people take ICC LBD policy.
That's why you should also join ICC LBD.
Third, if we talk about private companies, ICICI LB is the
number one player.  Has a great
presence.  It is great working.  100%
digital working.  And the learning and
working platform here is amazing.
We provide 8 to 10 trainings to our agents every month.  Let us teach them.
Develop the system and do all the
hard work to create independent agents.  Let me talk about
who can join here and who
cannot.  So those people who are between 18 years to
65 years of age can join this working.
Your minimum qualification
must be 10th.  Anything from 10th to plus
can qualify you in this working.
A person can
take the code of only one general insurance company.  If
any general insurance
code or POS code is already running in your name
then this license will not be available in your name.
You have to take care of this.  And a person can
generally take three codes.  One for life, one
for health and one for general.  Even if you
already have a Life or Health code,
you can still apply for an ICC Lombard code.  It will be
mandatory to give the exam here.  Whether you have
given the exam for Life or Health
, still giving the exam for General
is mandatory and for this, an exam fee of ₹1000 will be charged
which you have to keep in mind.
And if you write to me on WhatsApp asking
how to become an ICC Lombard DJ, I will
share with you the list of documents.  The
documents shown here.
You will have to send me all these documents on WhatsApp.
After that my team will coordinate with you.
We
will do a video interaction with you and I will
guide you about all the terms and conditions.
So friends, before moving ahead, let me make one
thing properly clear.
We provide the agency code of ICC LB
properly for health insurance.  Only
if you take health
insurance, you will
get support for motor and non-motor.  If you
want to get a code only for motor or non-motor, then we do not give this code
unless you do health insurance
and after getting the code here,
after passing the exam, it
is necessary to take a policy with a premium of Rs 20,000 and it is
necessary to take 12 health policies in a year.  There is no condition, no limit on how much
business you do in motor or non-motor.
But in health, it is mandatory to have minimum one policy
in the first month and 12 policies in a year.
You have to keep in mind that
you must do it.  You can increase as much as you
want, 5 100 200 50000, there is
no limit for it in health.  But it will be
mandatory to do at least 12.  If we talk further, let's
talk about earnings.  The
earning here is tremendous, friends.  You will get earning from 15%
to 40% in health insurance
and renewal commission of 15%.  Not only this,
monthly and
quarterly contests are launched here by the company.
In which you will also get a separate incentive of 8 to 10%
apart from these commissions.
Plus there are yearly clubs here
whose benefits you can also take in
which domestic and international trips are
provided by the company and these are
fully paid trips which you
can genuinely enjoy and
can travel internationally comfortably at the company's expense.  Plus friends, if I
talk about monthly earning here, then it
is very easy to earn from ₹25,000 to ₹5 lakh per month and generating long lasting earnings can be
very
powerful and very useful in health insurance.  Those who
want to join this working,
want to join this business, they will have to
give the exam.  Basic lists and
documents will have to be shared.  Let me
give a disclaimer.  This is not any kind of job.
We do not provide any job here.
We give you licensing of
ICC Labard through which you get the
power to provide health insurance to people.
Can provide motor insurance and non-
motor insurance.   That means
you can sell the policy.  If you
sell the policy, you will get commission.   If you do
n't sell the policy, you won't get any commission.  Those who
want to become an agent in ICC LBA
and want to understand and learn this working are
welcome.  Quickly write on WhatsApp
how to become an ICC LB agent. It is a 100% digital
platform.
More than 500 agents are working with us all over India.
You will get at least eight to ten trainings in a month.
So don't delay,
join quickly.  How to become an ICC Lombard Agent Health
Agent?  Hello thanks.